README.md, before:

Note to the evaluators: This is not our final submission. We will be submitting our programs and report soon.

# CS6910-Asignment-1

This is a repository for all tasks done as part of [Assignment-1](https://wandb.ai/miteshk/assignments/reports/Assignment-1--VmlldzozNjk4NDE?accessToken=r7ndsh8lf4wlxyjln7phvvfb8ftvc0n4lyn4tiowdg06hhzpzfzki4jrm28wqh44) for the course, **"CS6910: Fundamentals of Deep Learning"**; taught by Prof. Mitesh Khapra @ IITM during the Jan-May 2021 semester. 

Team Members:
+ Snehal Singh Tomar(EE20S006)
+ Ashish Kumar(EE20D006)


github link: https://github.com/snehalstomar/CS6910-Asignment-1
Access the final code in folder "Assignment-1-with-Wandb"

_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Summary of the folder "Assignment-1-with-Wandb"

1.MyDataExtractor.py : to extrat train, test and validation data

2.myDLkit2.py: contains all major function such as forward prop, back prop, different optimizers functions

3.train.py: run this file to train the network

training_specifics =[optimizer,epochs,batchsz,eta, gamma, beta1,beta2, loss, data]


Note: Wandb sweep is integrated with the above files/codes.

* refer /confusion-matix/conf_mat.py for confusion matrix

Commit message:

Final Submission with Best Accuracy

README.md, after:

Note to the evaluators: We have made our submission via an email to TA's since the gradescope portal wasn't accepting submissions.
# CS6910-Asignment-1

This is a repository for all tasks done as part of [Assignment-1](https://wandb.ai/miteshk/assignments/reports/Assignment-1--VmlldzozNjk4NDE?accessToken=r7ndsh8lf4wlxyjln7phvvfb8ftvc0n4lyn4tiowdg06hhzpzfzki4jrm28wqh44) for the course, **"CS6910: Fundamentals of Deep Learning"**; taught by Prof. Mitesh Khapra @ IITM during the Jan-May 2021 semester. 

Team Members:
+ Snehal Singh Tomar(EE20S006)
+ Ashish Kumar(EE20D006)


github link: https://github.com/snehalstomar/CS6910-Asignment-1
Access the final code in folder "Assignment-1-with-Wandb"

All programs have been tested for Python3.8
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Run best-accuracy/loss-comparator.py to view our best results with respect to model accuracy. 
Summary of the folder "Assignment-1-with-Wandb"

1.MyDataExtractor.py : to extrat train, test and validation data

2.myDLkit2.py: contains all major function such as forward prop, back prop, different optimizers functions

3.train.py: run this file to train the network

training_specifics =[optimizer,epochs,batchsz,eta, gamma, beta1,beta2, loss, data]


Note: Wandb sweep is integrated with the above files/codes.

* refer /confusion-matix/conf_mat.py for confusion matrix
